we can say that we are in minecraft
1.8 let's see a mod
which serves to save the experience and
the truth is that there are different modes
to save experience this is not what
we had seen but it seemed very
cool the thing is that now we have
this is the ex experience translator
it would be with any color
3 unrefined wood as you are
seeing 2 diamonds and an emerald of
I'm looking
two diamonds right medial ions and no
I see no difference no
of this style in coffee or I mean
maybe it goes like this to put all the
types of wood and that but the truth that
with this pileup we can go putting the
experience is fine really but the
theme is that the experience you keep it
in the little bottles these will see
then you can not do it where you want
you can only do it where you have the
little table is and that can be a little
more annoying let's go to any area there
is this here the table is that
we have done let's remove
this so that it looks good is like half
step in fact we can upload it
perfectly without jumping and then we have
to do this here are the bottom
simply with three glass and one
wooden step we make five bottles
and this we can give you
with a crash we make five and each
one of these contains a level of
experience and with this when we want
put us the simply is right click
you see it 13 level 14 15 16 17 is
pretty pretty cool I just
change one and I put it back on
because I'm stupid that by doing so they have
the particles are coming out here
and with bottles of these one level
we can make a bottle of 9 if
we put together 9 bottles of one level
we make the bottle 9 this serves
simply for
for this that I do not leave now blame that
and it does not come out to save space that's
a fact let's put it in the levels
of 99
It is outrageous that yes but so cool
I can have it saved I love it
triki triki triki triki apart these are
My nonsense but as you can see each one
it gives us a level and we can
store a level is to say us
we have a level we give them with the
bottle and it gives us a level but it's a
level always and I have understood what
better it's not like that anymore I'm wrong
but I understand that it is not the same
upload you from nothing to level 1 that level
30 to 31 for example then if so
that costs more, it's better to go up
better two levels and put the little bottles
and then put 30 levels of blow no
they do it faster than going up the
experience in a normal but good way
This is the amount of your most curious 7
this experience is pretty
pretty cool but good you have the
description is for 1.8 if the
make up etcetera as always in that
heap